I will sup y'all I'm doing me uh I just
in the end of this task I ain't even
finish it there's one much I long and
his head she don't know if his famous on
that side to monday txt Cody but I've
got me a Buddhist head i think is a say
one out of two thousands of God in
anyway just did all and swarm on hard
times I've done these food there's the
first reported so I'm not much just
hoping it's like smoke
you
uh
hey guys um I know you guys got
sidetracked by a couple of things like
me getting Boyd and uh me getting that
little head from the autistic preacher
whatever even though I didn't really
care about it let me start it was cool i
never got any type of head or anything
I'm thought it was a pit so I was a home
should i got a ballistic fit you know if
you see this in vain this is going to be
talked about and as their series and
having coming up anyways but uh you know
as let's talk about the state of iCarly
why i haven't made videos for civil
number one reason why the ministry
server is because the staff team in
respect I was not getting by David you
know for what i was doing for a server
but then I soon came to realize what all
I had to do with uh but even though I
kind of it was happening anyway you know
the community's always doing that you
know it's just the internet you know ten
year old so call you a kid and you're
actually twenty your nigger to everybody
it seems a here you in a check people
like to talk trash God blood as always
goes down you go plus if you play three
games of Xbox Live On Call of Duty or
GTA 5 you'll know what getting it is
basically it doesn't change no matter
what kind of community is whether it's
World of Warcraft you know Diablo or
League of Legends I don't even play two
of those when I said and play water or
cry for be a little bit if you play
league of legends or runescape you play
xbox we can talk to people no matter if
it's mad and something that they can
barely even talk to you on it doesn't
even matter you'll see are bad the
community is hotting off the temporaries
just be thuggin broadband blows to cyber
crush same thing everyone's talking
trash on Twitter every social media
thing is just all in it is then is the
internet to be honest in the runescape
community the same thing as all
runescape opportunity you kill somebody
kill someone's crabs or you hit their
crab they wish cancer me but that's
besides the point on and get back on
track reason why that's probably the
reason like what I Cobb is respect from
others as the step team and David I
didn't
agree with what they were doing and
David's a real dick man but anyways I
said if I called it's it's going down
who's gonna let you guys know because
you guys are my subs and I don't want
you guys donating to I cough and then
finding out the next day old the server
is going down who no one knows when I
Cubs going down I don't know that but I
do know it's going down reason why you
can tell is that I can't really disclose
the for information because I promised a
friend that uh you know I wouldn't
because this has something to do with
his server you know I don't want you
know ruined I don't want to ruin things
he has going to his server so i'm gonna
go know and just not to you guys for
info on this but uh if you plan on
darling talk off don't donate I carbone
wasting time on my car well you can
still play his stuff on Cerberus but I
wouldn't recommend donating something
that's gonna be gone he's going to going
down soon as we see that player is
dropped but all if you think he's voting
the near a fool because a reason why
it's definitely not vote even more with
I can't tell you hunter sent the reason
just coming since why would he take down
all these ads and all of that they
had nothing doable he's planning on
dropping the server once you know it's
for the bases just drops completely like
soulsplit but he's actually doing about
force actually you guys no other choice
soulsplit they just died out because no
one liked playing it anymore you know
because I cough took over and why would
you play i cough I mean I'm she was so
small you can play I call this a better
version of social basically naturally
cared about his player base in the
combat system is a much better but um
anyways David is just a big he's not
telling you guys to show he's telling
you guys as voting but what it really is
is that it he's just gonna be shutting
down the server I don't know when but
it's gonna happen so I'm just telling
you guys you know this is just a little
warning you know hopefully we can take
it for whatever you want if you don't
agree you don't agree you can tell me
otherwise but uh I really don't care but
um I wouldn't recommend donating to the
server and then finding out it's going
to be just going down anyway so this is
just a big heads up the I cop is
shouldn't know so it's just the
beginning
see you guys i hope you guys enjoy you
know some of this video